1. 1.
Half a league, half a league, Half a league, half a league,
Half a league onward, Half a league onward,
All in the valley of Death All in the valley of Death
Rode the six hundred. Rode the six hundred.
2. 2.
"Forward, the Light Brigade! "Forward, the Light Brigade!
"Charge for the guns!" he said: "Charge for the guns!" he said:
Into the valley of Death Into the valley of Death
Rode the six hundred. Rode the six hundred.
"Forward, the Light Brigade!" "Forward, the Light Brigade!"
Was there a man dismay'd? Was there a man dismay'd?
Not tho' the soldier knew Not tho' the soldier knew
Someone had blunder'd: Someone had blunder'd:
Theirs not to make reply, Theirs not to make reply,
Theirs not to reason why, Theirs not to reason why,
Theirs but to do and die: Theirs but to do and die:
Into the valley of Death Into the valley of Death
Rode the six hundred. Rode the six hundred.
3. 3.
Cannon to right of them, Cannon to right of them,
Cannon to left of them, Cannon to left of them,
Cannon in front of them Cannon in front of them
Volley'd and thunder'd; Volley'd and thunder'd;
Storm'd at with shot and shell, Storm'd at with shot and shell,
Boldly they rode and well, Boldly they rode and well,
Into the jaws of Death, Into the jaws of Death,
Into the mouth of Hell Into the mouth of Hell
Rode the six hundred. Rode the six hundred.
4. 4.
Flash'd all their sabres bare, Flash'd all their sabres bare,
Flash'd as they turn'd in air, Flash'd as they turn'd in air,
Sabring the gunners there, Sabring the gunners there,
Charging an army, while Charging an army, while
All the world wonder'd: All the world wonder'd:
Plunged in the battery-smoke Plunged in the battery-smoke
Right thro' the line they broke; Right thro' the line they broke;
Cossack and Russian Cossack and Russian
Reel'd from the sabre stroke Reel'd from the sabre stroke
Shatter'd and sunder'd. Shatter'd and sunder'd.
Then they rode back, but not Then they rode back, but not
Not the six hundred. Not the six hundred.
5. 5.
Cannon to right of them, Cannon to right of them,
Cannon to left of them, Cannon to left of them,
Cannon behind them Cannon behind them
Volley'd and thunder'd; Volley'd and thunder'd;
Storm'd at with shot and shell, Storm'd at with shot and shell,
While horse and hero fell, While horse and hero fell,
They that had fought so well They that had fought so well
Came thro' the jaws of Death Came thro' the jaws of Death
Back from the mouth of Hell, Back from the mouth of Hell,
All that was left of them, All that was left of them,
Left of six hundred. Left of six hundred.
6. 6.
When can their glory fade? When can their glory fade?
O the wild charge they made! O the wild charge they made!
All the world wondered. All the world wondered.
Honor the charge they made, Honor the charge they made,
Honor the Light Brigade, Honor the Light Brigade,
Noble six hundred. Noble six hundred.
