lowercase: 1.
lowercase: half a league, half a league,
lowercase: half a league onward,
lowercase: all in the valley of death
lowercase: rode the six hundred.
lowercase: 2.
lowercase: "forward, the light brigade!
lowercase: "charge for the guns!" he said:
lowercase: into the valley of death
lowercase: rode the six hundred.
lowercase: "forward, the light brigade!"
lowercase: was there a man dismay'd?
lowercase: not tho' the soldier knew
lowercase: someone had blunder'd:
lowercase: theirs not to make reply,
lowercase: theirs not to reason why,
lowercase: theirs but to do and die:
lowercase: into the valley of death
lowercase: rode the six hundred.
lowercase: 3.
lowercase: cannon to right of them,
lowercase: cannon to left of them,
lowercase: cannon in front of them
lowercase: volley'd and thunder'd;
lowercase: storm'd at with shot and shell,
lowercase: boldly they rode and well,
lowercase: into the jaws of death,
lowercase: into the mouth of hell
lowercase: rode the six hundred.
lowercase: 4.
lowercase: flash'd all their sabres bare,
lowercase: flash'd as they turn'd in air,
lowercase: sabring the gunners there,
lowercase: charging an army, while
lowercase: all the world wonder'd:
lowercase: plunged in the battery-smoke
lowercase: right thro' the line they broke;
lowercase: cossack and russian
lowercase: reel'd from the sabre stroke
lowercase: shatter'd and sunder'd.
lowercase: then they rode back, but not
lowercase: not the six hundred.
lowercase: 5.
lowercase: cannon to right of them,
lowercase: cannon to left of them,
lowercase: cannon behind them
lowercase: volley'd and thunder'd;
lowercase: storm'd at with shot and shell,
lowercase: while horse and hero fell,
lowercase: they that had fought so well
lowercase: came thro' the jaws of death
lowercase: back from the mouth of hell,
lowercase: all that was left of them,
lowercase: left of six hundred.
lowercase: 6.
lowercase: when can their glory fade?
lowercase: o the wild charge they made!
lowercase: all the world wondered.
lowercase: honor the charge they made,
lowercase: honor the light brigade,
lowercase: noble six hundred.
